docs: update readme (#1460)
caos/zitadel: README.md

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/caos/zitadel)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/caos/zitadel)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/caos/zitadel/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/caos/zitadel)

## What Is ZITADEL

> **ZITADEL** is a "Cloud Native Identity and Access Management'' solution built for the cloud era. ZITADEL uses a modern software stack consisting of [**Golang**](https://golang.org/), [**Angular**](https://angular.io/) and  [**CockroachDB**](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/) as sole storage and follows an event sourced pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ZITADEL** is a "Cloud Native Identity and Access Management" solution built for the cloud era. ZITADEL uses a modern software stack consisting of [**Golang**](https://golang.org/), [**Angular**](https://angular.io/) and  [**CockroachDB**](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/) as sole storage and follows an event sourced pattern.
```

> We built **ZITADEL** not only with the vision of  becoming a great open source project but also as a superb platform to support developers building their applications, without need to handle secure user login and account management themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We built **ZITADEL** not only with the vision of becoming a great open source project but also as a superb platform to support developers building their applications, without need to handle secure user login and account management themselves.
```

## How Does It Work

We built **ZITADEL** around the idea that the IAM should be easy to deploy and scale. That's why we tried to reduce external systems as much as possible.
For example, **ZITADEL** is event sourced but it does not rely on a pub/sub system to function. Instead we built all the functionality right into one binary.
**ZITADEL** only needs [**Kubernetes**](https://kubernetes.io/) for orchestration and [**CockroachDB**](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/) as storage.

> ## Features of ZITADEL platform
> 
> * Authentication
>     * OpenID Connect 1.0 Protocol (OP),  OAuth 2.0 Protocol (OP)
>     * Username / Password
>     * Machine-to-machine (JWT profile)
>     * Passwordless/WebAuthN (FIDO2)
> * Multifactor authentication with OTP, U2F
> * Federation with OpenID Connect 1.0 Protocol (RP), OAuth 2.0 Protocol (RP), Google
> * Authorization via Role Based Access Control (RBAC)
> * Identity Brokering
> * Delegation of roles to other organizations for self-management
> * Strong audit trail of all IAM resources
> * User interface for administration
> * APIs for Management, Administration, and Authentication
> * Policy configuration and enforcement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Features of ZITADEL platform

* Authentication
    * OpenID Connect 1.0 Protocol (OP)
    * Username / Password
    * Machine-to-machine (JWT profile)
    * Passwordless with FIDO2
* Multifactor authentication with OTP, U2F
* Federation with OpenID Connect 1.0 Protocol (RP), OAuth 2.0 Protocol (RP)
* Authorization via Role Based Access Control (RBAC)
* Identity Brokering
* Delegation of roles to other organizations for self-management
* Strong audit trail for all IAM resources
* User interface for administration
* APIs for Management, Administration, and Authentication
* Policy configuration and enforcement
```

Author: - Should we explicitly state that you can allow other identity providers for an organization such as Google, Github, ... via login policy?
- Should we state which policies we currently support (Password Complexity, Login Policy, IAM Access Preferences) -- instead of the last bullet?

## How To Use It

> ### ZITADEL Cloud
> 
> We provide a shared-cloud [**ZITADEL.ch**](https://zitadel.ch) system where people can register their own organization. There is a **free tier** including unlimited users and all the security features you need.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ZITADEL Cloud

We provide a cloud service [**ZITADEL.ch**](https://zitadel.ch) where people can register their own organization. There is a **free tier** including unlimited users and all the security features you need.

```

### Run ZITADEL in the cloud or on-premise

**ZITADEL** is free open source software under [Apache 2.0](##License) managed by [CAOS](https://caos.ch). We provide our community access to ZITADEL releases at no cost and welcome all contributions.

You can run **ZITADEL** in combination with [**ORBOS**](https://github.com/caos/orbos/) for easy and scalable operation on 
* **[GCEProvider](https://cloud.google.com/compute)**
* **[StaticProvider](https://github.com/caos/orbos/blob/master/docs/orbiter/static.md)**

> * CNCF conform Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any CNCF conform Kubernetes
```

> Stay tuned, we will soon publish a more detailed guide on how you can deploy a **hyperconverged** system on your own.

### Let us run ZITADEL for you

> If shared-cloud and running **ZITADEL** on your own does not work for you, we are happy to run a private instance of **ZITADEL** for you or provide you with Support Services. [Get in touch!](https://zitadel.ch/contact/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If  our cloud service or running **ZITADEL** on your own infrastructure does not work for you, we are happy to run a private instance of **ZITADEL** for you or provide you with our support services. [Get in touch!](https://zitadel.ch/contact/)
```
